I can see that your whip now the last
time I saw you you were not and now you
are yeah it didn't happen overnight I
guess didn't know how they do like
exercise and that sort of thing that's
the biggest problem with it ya know the
biggest problem is once you get there
you don't stop exercising right I want
you like a video game where you just
like hit save alright now I look like
this you have to keep it up now yeah you
busy you know what you've gone too far
as what has happened I'll tell you when
I saw because I follow you on twitter
and I I saw the photograph and I thought
honestly I thought you were making fun
of Donald Trump because he had posted a
photo of his head on like Sylvester
Stallone's body and I saw it as I go
that's funny and I just kind of kept
going and then I started reading all he
serves about oh my god the male's body
I'm like they found Camille's body but
it became like a worldwide viral
sensation your body yeah super weird it
was a weird couple day I have the
photograph here in case you haven't seen
I mean wouldn't it this is the part
that's absolutely ridiculous it's like
yeah it's actually the streets that lead
to my home that I grew up in that's the
map I did not know veins went in that
direction I thought they only went this
way those aren't going anywhere
where are those going to be going to the
horrors they are suppose do they're lost
veins so take me through this photograph
and who took the photograph first of all
so the trainer who trained me for this
his his buddy the photo okay what
happened was so so we this was right
before Christmas no shooting this movie
eternals
it's more Marvel movie coming out called
eternals and they're already they're
already fans I just will get in myself
it was like it was like the week before
Christmas and I was like I don't know if
I'm ever gonna look like this again who
knows what I'm gonna look like after
Christmas that was like I want to take a
picture just so I have it do do that saw
the picture I was like the world must
see I was shooting I was on stat
shooting and I just put it on my
Instagram uh-huh and then I checked an
hour later and it was like fine some
like that was that cool and then I
checked again and it had exploded on my
Twitter I was scrolling and it was just
like my torso torso torso torso it was
like over it over and over it really got
out of control
it did it was like I mean it was
shocking to people because it's like
it's not you didn't give us any warning
that this was gonna happen well I you
know Abby it's oh it was covered a lot
the story that I didn't like was a lot
of people would do like two side-by-side
pictures oh yeah you believe this turned
into this
and it's just a picture of me from a
year and half ago looking how I've
looked my entire life you find out when
people really yeah they're like can you
believe this garbage pooping sea monster
turning do this like was that like
leaving a trail of slime by maybe so
maybe sure I was looking what did your
parents think about this in your family
so this X it exploded right I didn't
know it exploded I freaked out I called
my brother I was like are they like
upset what's going on uh-huh and my
brother said dad has already sent your
naked pics to both family whatsapp
groups oh both of them and then it got
in newspapers in Pakistan and so I had
all my aunts texting me pictures of
myself like so proud of you so proud of
you son yeah
Wow it's weird to have your aunt's
sending you naked pictures of yourself
yeah like anything but shame usually
that stops when you turn 3 you know Wow
well duh so tell me about and I'm sure
you're tired of talking about this no
I'm not I'll talk about it tell me about
I'm very excited to talk about you must
have I mean because you really did I
mean this is ridiculous like Dwayne
Johnson weighed in on your body right
yeah Dwayne the rock Johnson yeah and
that's a you know that's a big
compliment yeah yeah yeah he said he
said dense muscle is hard to achieve my
brother he thinks my muscle is dense
yeah I don't know how he could see that
cuz that's like dense he didn't touch me
or anything is there the thing even is
there like a density to my aren't they
like I didn't know some months muscles
were denser than others I didn't know
but if the lock says it it must be true
knows better I think it'd be hilarious
if you touch the rock and all his
muscles are super soft
look hard why what do you touch up there
like my other way I've touched him he's
it's not he's not soft at all their
softness he's like this yes it's like
banging against Mount Rushmore or
something yeah so as far as like diet
goes have been on back off the wagon
yeah so I finished I got back day before
yesterday and I honestly like the
hardest you work out every day and you
sort of learn to enjoy it but I the diet
is the hardest thing I have not had
pizza or a donut in over a year no sugar
no snow I've had no refined sugar in a
year I've had almost no carbs at all
I basically you know what my snack is
you know what my snack has been that I
tell people I tell people like actually
it's not bad
you are my snack is I get a bag of sugar
snap peas and I eat them
that's what I've been doing at night
when I'm like I'm a little hungry I'm
gonna treat myself
crunch crunch so is it okay now are you
all ready to enjoy some the things you
still haven't done it yet but I'm like I
yeah I cannot wait we have something
special for you please go ahead and be
careful
[Laughter]
this is good stop to talk decorative no
this oh my god all for you this is for
me have whatever you like now you need
all I can happen are you serious you got
your gear mo got yes yes so feel free to
enjoy I'm not I'm glad I could do this
with you
[Applause]
[Laughter]
so my god you know we'll do we'll take a
break and during the commercial try to
eat all this stuff
Kemal non-japanese is here that's a
10-gallon the cattle man gosh cutter
brick gambler what you're looking for
I want the huts that's is strongest
[Music]
this is the price that is little America
by Kumail Nanjiani has got a lot of
treats here don't worry we'll wrap this
you can take a doggie bag you can take
all of this is that the one that you
have you're right no the one I'm most
excited about is that so I'm trying to
save it
oh yeah builds up to it huh would've
been great if somehow you gained like 30
pounds during the commercial dude I've
been terrified for a year that I'm gonna
sneeze and like it lose it some great
dream I've had but I want to talk about
that show little America which you
executive produce it is a great show my
wife and I watched a bunch of them this
weekend and I loved the idea of the show
too which is their true stories about
immigrants and where did these stories
come from the other show about the based
on true stories of immigrants to America
and this magazine epic magazine they've
been collecting stories real immigrants
who came here and in the contact it
doesn't they were like this could be a
good TV show so we were like yeah it
would be a great show so yeah it's
basically eight different episodes all
based on real stories of people who've
moved to America sent over you know all
different time periods with a lot of
famous actors and actors from all over
the world and therefore directors from
all over the world yeah because we
really wanted it to be authentic to the
page the characters that they're playing
we wanted them to speak the language
that the character speaks so we really
like sort of found a lot of great people
I love that you're just eating right now
I don't think I've ever had this
experience where someone
eating throughout the internet oh I'm
like shake I could see that over his eye
dan was trembling
my heart is beating so fast you know a
couple years ago my wife and I made a
movie called people who don't now my
wife was in the coal mine we didn't know
what was gonna happen and I remember
very specifically the day we were like
is she gonna make it is she gonna make
it and I remember when I got to the
hospital one of those days and went air
and she was up and sitting on her bed
I'm happier right now he will soon be in
a food coma so but watch a show it's
called little America is available now
on Apple TV plus we'll be right back
with sting I am Jimmy Kimmel give back
this holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and illustrated
it all the money I make those two
children's hospitals across the country
so you know